feat(content): New Alien Faction: The Gegno (#6610)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno power.txt

# Copyright (c) 2022 by Saugia
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A

> # PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

# Copyright (c) 2022 by Saugia
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "R01 Skirmish Battery"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"
	plural "R01 Skirmish Batteries"
	cost 17500

> 	mass 12
> 	thumbnail outfit/gbatterytiny

Reviewer 2: ES image names are allowed, if not outright encouraged, to have spaces.
```suggestion
	thumbnail "outfit/gbatterytiny"
	mass 12
```

> 	"energy capacity" 1121
> 	"outfit space" -12

Reviewer 2: Pretend I've suggested these ordering changes to all of the outfits.
```suggestion
	"outfit space" -12
	"energy capacity" 1121
```

> 	description "Skirmish batteries are very common amongst ships across Gegno space. They can be either a perfectly convenient storage of battery power to offset the load of larger Gegno generators, or a nice addition to add on top of them where more energy would be needed."

Reviewer 2: Amongst is discouraged in American English. Also what is the second sentence saying?
```suggestion
	description "Skirmish batteries are very common among ships across Gegno space. They can be either a perfectly convenient storage of battery power to offset the load of larger Gegno generators, or a nice addition to add on top of them where more energy would be needed."
```

Author: I believe the idea was that the batteries can be uses instead of larger generators or in addition to them if desired. I'll think of a way to reword this.

outfit "R02 Battlezone Battery"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"
	plural "R02 Battlezone Batteries"
	cost 32000
	mass 23
	thumbnail outfit/gbatterysmall
	"energy capacity" 2237
	"outfit space" -23
	description "Battlezone batteries are primarily used on the Gegno's medium-range combat vessels, holding a decent amount of power for long lasting engagements. They also fit nicely on larger vessels as an extra power source to feed their larger systems."

outfit "R03 Warforge Battery"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"
	plural "R03 Warforge Batteries"
	cost 61700
	mass 41
	thumbnail outfit/gbatterymed
	"energy capacity" 4469
	"outfit space" -41
	description "Warforge batteries have proved their usefulness over the years as large, sturdy battery packs. They support the equally large volleys that are fired from Gegno ships, and help maintain an excess of power for engine usage."

outfit "R04 Crusade Battery"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"
		"Vi Evocati"
		"Vi Centurion"
		"Vi Lord"
	plural "R04 Crusade Batteries"
	cost 136000
	mass 83
	thumbnail outfit/gbatterylarge
	"energy capacity" 8885
	"outfit space" -83

> 	description "As the largest battery mounted on Gegno ships, the Crusade Battery supplies almost as much power as a small generator, enough to support the massive warships of both the Scin and the Vi. However, the Gegno are inefficient at increasing density with size, as done with human batteries, so these fall behind similarly sized options."

Author: Revisited.

outfit "C3 Scrap Cell"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"
	plural "C3 Scrap Cells"
	cost 54000
	mass 25
	thumbnail outfit/vicoretiny
	"energy generation" 1.4
	"heat generation" 2.2
	"outfit space" -25

> 	description "The Scrap Cell is a small radiothermal generator that produces energy generation in a pinch, but its heat production can affect the Gegno's slightly hotter running tech. Its output is very limited, and is only used in tandem with the Gegno's smaller-sized systems."

Author: Revisited.

outfit "C7 Brawl Cell"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"

> 	plural "C7 Brawl Cells"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

	cost 68100
	mass 39
	thumbnail outfit/vicoresmall
	"energy generation" 2.5
	"heat generation" 3.9
	"outfit space" -39

> 	description "C7 Brawl Cells are a slight deviation from the other C class cores as it is set upright-forward, a more rudimentary configuration. The tried and tested design, however, still serves the Gegno well, though it will likely be phased out when they are better able to scale up newer technologies."

Reviewer 2: What newer technologies?
```suggestion
	description "Unlike other C-class cores, C7 Brawl Cells are mounted horizontally. This design, however, still serves the Gegno well, though it will likely be phased out when they are better able to scale up newer technologies."
```

Author: Hm. Now I'm not so sure, lol. Maybe the idea was to scale *down* newer technologies, being newer upright generators.

Author: Revisited.

outfit "C17 Warzone Core"
	category Power
	licenses
		"Gegno Civilian"

> 	plural "C17 Warzone Cores"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

	cost 2472000
	mass 87
	thumbnail outfit/vicoremed
	"energy generation" 14.1
	"heat generation" 38.3
	"outfit space" -87

> 	description "As did humans, the Gegno began developing nuclear technology once their cities grew massive enough to require it. The Warzone Core is a medium-sized nuclear fission reactor that is a suitable power source for most of the Gegno's large ships, though it looks even more discomforting than a human one."

Reviewer 2: Humanity didn't really develop nuclear tech because their cities "required" it.
```suggestion
	description "Like humanity, the Gegno began developing nuclear technology once their cities grew massive enough to require it. The Warzone Core is a medium-sized nuclear fission reactor that is a suitable power source for most of the Gegno's large ships, though it looks more disconcerting than a human reactor."
```

Author: Instead of required, something more like, another means of efficient power generation?
